Hi guys, come and do it with you today.
huh
the proposal is a topiary only in the case
I'm just making a band I 'm not
using both parties is decorating a
potato pot
This is where the band went.
and a packet and here the label is also
so I'm doing here mounted with
you
I already cut the circles here and have 12
circles here I think I spent 11
I just do not remember but I'm going to ride.
Now I'll tell you the truth.
So there you would be riding, oh yeah.
circle will fold in half and I will do
a triangle here I have one hand only
but I really enjoy it here and there
another tip back
fine
So here we go, so we can
quietly recorded by the cell phone and holding
with one hand only is a triangle of
form a band on one side
and another to the other is seeing that you
look so fashion one sa
if're here to put in baby food
I'll put a drop of hot glue
here at the tip inside and another
Pinned here inside
to be able to stay so she does not
open all because I will not have another
topiaria part to close understood
so she has to be accommodated here
I'll paste it around and back.
to show it to you
the girl came from a little way that
get a support to show you
exactly half the half half here
and this other half behind was a
tip to here on another tip here in case
the hot glue I put here, the country is
one Pinguinho only goin to it was very
what came out on the team are serious and now that
other pine
You're ready to see if it's like that otherwise.
she gets very scratched and is not going
have another band of topiary will not give
nor here the pot touched landu for it is
the cola and I'll focus on the psiu attack and
accomodates here and accommodates the little flower
It's closing all over and back to explain
how does the second layer that goes
put on
one minute
So girls here are already putting
second layer is in case it will stay
in the second part on the
either you're going to be going on
that appears here and this is here
in the middle and glue
but the whole back here again
I think another're seeing and on that
the finishing
Then we put some hot glue
of wire tests I think finishing is everything
that I have seven children
looks like it has not been well finished service
so I can not stand by that piece of
hot glue ready
12 used the two wheels O line and was
so iacc in the case will pass i will
to put a ribbon on
label is not
this will be sized heart
birthday lollipop
three years the movie for you, right?
another crate for another heart
not to be alone with that little
I had already made the loaf of bread.
I did not want to do the
three groups night is a different thing
and from the topiaria I had the idea of
make your half of the tree
cap and I super enjoyed the
result
I think I'll be pretty good.
charming on the table to put that
white is going to be fine, little baron
highlight a very legal differential
so that's it girls to where you
have enjoyed
If you liked the video, I liked it.
to help in the dissemination and not
forget to write my channel and here
underneath also in the information box has
a group there on the face
I invite you all to be part of the
group
A kiss and until the next video bye